Updating docs for Che 6 configuration to Che 7 devfile migration. (#796)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/end-user-guide/assembly_converting-a-che-6-workspace-to-a-che-7-devfile.adoc

This section describes how to manually convert an old Che 6 workspace configuration to a Che 7 devfile. The following are the benefits of using a Che 7 devfile:

> * Using a portable file that will work with any installation of Che; nothing needs to be changed on the server to get a workspace up and running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Using a portable file that works with any installation of Che; nothing needs to be changed on the server to start a workspace.
```

> * Configuration can be stored in the project's repository itself and automatically be picked up by Che to start a workspace. In order to start a workspace, one could simply refer to a devfile using the following format `<che-instance-domain>/f?url=path` e.g. https://che.openshift.io/f?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redhat-developer/devfile/master/getting-started/vertx/devfile.yaml which will create and start a new workspace based on the link:https://github.com/redhat-developer/devfile/blob/master/getting-started/vertx/devfile.yaml[devfile] defined in the URL attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configuration can be stored in project repository and automatically used by Che to start a workspace. To start a workspace, specify a devfile using the following format: `__<che-instance-domain>__/f?url=path`, for example:

----
https://che.openshift.io/f?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redhat-developer/devfile/master/getting-started/vertx/devfile.yaml
----

This creates and starts a new workspace based on the link:https://github.com/redhat-developer/devfile/blob/master/getting-started/vertx/devfile.yaml[devfile] defined in the URL attribute.
```

* A human-readable YAML format for all content.

> Below there is a comparison of a *Che 6 workspace configuration* and a *Che 7 devfile*. Both are *Java Vert.x* stacks with default project and default settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below, there is a comparison of a *Che 6 workspace configuration* and a *Che 7 devfile*. Both are *Java Vert.x* stacks with a default project and default settings:
```

> +++ <details><summary> +++

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Che 6 configuration file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Che 6 configuration file
```

> +++ </summary><div> +++

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,json]
```

      "attributes": {
        "goal": "Debug",
        "previewUrl": "${server.8080/tcp}"
      },
      "type": "custom"
    },
    {
      "commandLine": "scl enable rh-maven33 'mvn compile vertx:run -f ${current.project.path} -Dvertx.disableDnsResolver=true'",
      "name": "run",
      "attributes": {
        "goal": "Run",
        "previewUrl": "${server.8080/tcp}"
      },
      "type": "custom"
    },
    {
      "commandLine": "scl enable rh-maven33 'mvn clean install -f ${current.project.path}'",
      "name": "build",
      "attributes": {
        "goal": "Build",
        "previewUrl": ""
      },
      "type": "mvn"
    },
    {
      "commandLine": "mvn -Duser.home=${HOME} -f ${CHE_PROJECTS_ROOT}/vertx-http-booster clean package",
      "name": "vertx-http-booster:build",
      "attributes": {
        "goal": "Build",
        "previewUrl": ""
      },
      "type": "mvn"
    },
    {
      "commandLine": "mvn -Duser.home=${HOME} -f ${CHE_PROJECTS_ROOT}/vertx-http-booster vertx:run",
      "name": "vertx-http-booster:run",
      "attributes": {
        "goal": "Run",
        "previewUrl": "${server.8080/tcp}"
      },
      "type": "mvn"
    }
  ],
  "links": []
}
----

> +++ </div></details> +++

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> +++ <details><summary> +++

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Che 7 devfile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Che 7 devfile
```

> +++ </summary><div> +++

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,yaml]
```

          -XX:AdaptiveSizePolicyWeight=90 -Dsun.zip.disableMemoryMapping=true
          -Xms20m -Djava.security.egd=file:/dev/./urandom -Duser.home=/home/user
        name: JAVA_OPTS
      - value: $(JAVA_OPTS)
        name: MAVEN_OPTS
apiVersion: 1.0.0
commands:
  - name: maven build
    actions:
      - workdir: '${CHE_PROJECTS_ROOT}/java-web-vertx'
        type: exec
        command: 'mvn -Duser.home=${HOME} clean install'
        component: maven
  - name: run app
    actions:
      - workdir: '${CHE_PROJECTS_ROOT}/java-web-vertx'
        type: exec
        command: >
          JDBC_URL=jdbc:h2:/tmp/db \

          java -jar -Xdebug
          -Xrunjdwp:transport=dt_socket,server=y,suspend=n,address=5005 \

          ./target/*fat.jar
        component: maven
  - name: Debug remote java application
    actions:
      - referenceContent: |
          {
          "version": "0.2.0",
          "configurations": [
            {
              "type": "java",
              "name": "Debug (Attach) - Remote",
              "request": "attach",
              "hostName": "localhost",
              "port": 5005
            }]
          }
        type: vscode-launch

----

> +++ </div></details> +++

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

      "type": "mvn"
    },
    {
      "commandLine": "mvn -Duser.home=${HOME} -f ${CHE_PROJECTS_ROOT}/vertx-http-booster clean package",
      "name": "vertx-http-booster:build",
      "attributes": {
        "goal": "Build",
        "previewUrl": ""
      },
      "type": "mvn"
    },
    {
      "commandLine": "mvn -Duser.home=${HOME} -f ${CHE_PROJECTS_ROOT}/vertx-http-booster vertx:run",
      "name": "vertx-http-booster:run",
      "attributes": {
        "goal": "Run",
        "previewUrl": "${server.8080/tcp}"
      },
      "type": "mvn"
    }
  ],
  "links": []
}
----
+++ </div></details> +++

+++ <details><summary> +++
Che 7 devfile
+++ </summary><div> +++
----
metadata:
  name: testing-workspace
projects:
  - name: java-web-vertx
    source:
      location: 'https://github.com/che-samples/web-java-vertx'
      type: git
components:
  - id: redhat/java/latest
    type: chePlugin
  - mountSources: true
    endpoints:
      - name: 8080/tcp
        port: 8080
    memoryLimit: 512Mi
    type: dockerimage
    volumes:
      - name: m2
        containerPath: /home/user/.m2
    alias: maven
    image: 'quay.io/eclipse/che-java8-maven:nightly'
    env:
      - value: >-

>           -XX:MaxRAMPercentage=50.0 -XX:+UseParallelGC -XX:MinHeapFreeRatio=10

Reviewer 2: I don't think you should add all these env variables here. They are not in the Che 6 workspace config and they make the devfile longer / harder to read.

          -XX:MaxHeapFreeRatio=20 -XX:GCTimeRatio=4
          -XX:AdaptiveSizePolicyWeight=90 -Dsun.zip.disableMemoryMapping=true
          -Xms20m -Djava.security.egd=file:/dev/./urandom -Duser.home=/home/user
        name: JAVA_OPTS
      - value: $(JAVA_OPTS)
        name: MAVEN_OPTS
apiVersion: 1.0.0
commands:
  - name: maven build
    actions:
      - workdir: '${CHE_PROJECTS_ROOT}/java-web-vertx'
        type: exec
        command: 'mvn -Duser.home=${HOME} clean install'
        component: maven
  - name: run app
    actions:
      - workdir: '${CHE_PROJECTS_ROOT}/java-web-vertx'
        type: exec
        command: >
          JDBC_URL=jdbc:h2:/tmp/db \

          java -jar -Xdebug
          -Xrunjdwp:transport=dt_socket,server=y,suspend=n,address=5005 \

> 

Reviewer 2: Blank line? And I may be wrong but there is no corresponding command in the Che 6 example

Author: This is how the devfile is generated by default, I didn't change anything. So should I remove whole command `run app`?

> * Using an original Che 7 devfile instead of a Che 6 factory

Reviewer 3: I know it's out of the scope of your changes, but could you update this line to something more sensible? This is basically saying the benefits of using a Che 7 devile are using a Che 7 devfile.

E.g. something like
```suggestion
* Using a portable file that will work with any installation of Che; nothing needs to be changed on the server to get a workspace up and running.
* Configuration can be stored in the project's repository itself and automatically be picked up by Che to start a workspace.
```

* A human-readable YAML format for all content

> For an example, below you can see comparison of a *Che 6 workspace configuration* and a *Che 7 devfile*. Both are *Java Vert.x* stacks with default project and default settings:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For an example, below you can see a comparison between a *Che 6 workspace configuration* and a *Che 7 devfile*. Both are *Java Vert.x* stacks with default project and default settings:
```

          },
          "servers": {
            "8080/tcp": {
              "attributes": {},
              "port": "8080",
              "protocol": "http"
            }
          },
          "volumes": {},
          "installers": [
            "com.redhat.oc-login",
            "com.redhat.bayesian.lsp",
            "org.eclipse.che.ls.java",
            "org.eclipse.che.ws-agent",
            "org.eclipse.che.exec",
            "org.eclipse.che.terminal"
          ],
          "env": {}
        }
      },
      "recipe": {
        "type": "dockerimage",
        "content": "quay.io/openshiftio/che-vertx"
      }
    }
  },
  "projects": [
    {
      "links": [],
      "name": "vertx-http-booster",
      "attributes": {
        "language": [
          "java"
        ]
      },
      "type": "maven",
      "source": {
        "location": "https://github.com/openshiftio-vertx-boosters/vertx-http-booster",
        "type": "git",
        "parameters": {}
      },
      "path": "/vertx-http-booster",
      "description": "HTTP Vert.x Booster",
      "problems": [],
      "mixins": []
    }
  ],
  "name": "wksp-jhwp",
  "attributes": {
    "persistVolumes": "false"

>   },

Reviewer 3: I would not include `persistVolumes` just for clarity. It's a non-standard option on upstream Che.

Author: Removed.

      "attributes": {
        "goal": "Run",
        "previewUrl": "${server.8080/tcp}"
      },
      "type": "custom"
    },
    {
      "commandLine": "scl enable rh-maven33 'mvn clean install -f ${current.project.path}'",
      "name": "build",
      "attributes": {
        "goal": "Build",
        "previewUrl": ""
      },
      "type": "mvn"
    },
    {
      "commandLine": "mvn -Duser.home=${HOME} -f ${CHE_PROJECTS_ROOT}/vertx-http-booster clean package",
      "name": "vertx-http-booster:build",
      "attributes": {
        "goal": "Build",
        "previewUrl": ""
      },
      "type": "mvn"
    },
    {
      "commandLine": "mvn -Duser.home=${HOME} -f ${CHE_PROJECTS_ROOT}/vertx-http-booster vertx:run",
      "name": "vertx-http-booster:run",
      "attributes": {
        "goal": "Run",
        "previewUrl": "${server.8080/tcp}"
      },
      "type": "mvn"
    }
  ],
  "links": []
}
----
+++ </div></details> +++

+++ <details><summary> +++
Che 7 devfile
+++ </summary><div> +++
----
metadata:
  name: testing-workspace
projects:
  - name: java-web-vertx
    source:
      location: 'https://github.com/che-samples/web-java-vertx'
      type: git
attributes:

>   persistVolumes: 'false'

Reviewer 3: Same as above, it's not essential and may increase confusion.

Author: Removed.
